so yo Dorota what's the best gears for
cycling I use a 28 personally so 28
means this is Yuri cassette right this
goes in your back wheels is it called a
cassette 28 means it's got 28 teeth so
you can't lose teeth that's 28 I use
what's called a 28 on the back I'd
recommend a 30 or a 32 if you live in a
hilly area San Francisco or whatever get
28 or 32 in the back if you live in a
dead flat place Kansas City whatever
doesn't matter but if you do hills and
you want to spin you want to have you
you paddle revolutions over 80
so that means 80 revolutions per minute
so 80 rpm plus between 80 and 100 up any
climb means your body's going to work
more efficiently no less than that men
Jimmy groaning and and that's where you
lose power if your cadence drops under
you're losing power bill guys I just
rode my bike to work I just right it'll
kick efficiency is what we want
none of us going to win the Tour de
France that was you know we want
efficiency right so when you walk to the
shops you don't take longer steps you
have to us about efficiency on the front
chainring this is called the chain ring
that's called the crank set the crank
arm the chain rings so these rings and
they wear out you can replace um sister
chain ring and this is a 50 so it's a 50
teeth so if you count the teeth that's
52 from them on the big one the little
one is a 34 so that's what I recommend
is a 50 34 on the front and a 28 or a 32
on the back if you'd like to do the
climbing it's gonna give you a better
cadence cadence meaning how many times
your pedals go around I recommend
getting a power meter investing in power
meter O's the stages power meter and I
use the power tap power - I've got two
power meters or actual got three
parameters but if you don't need a power
meter I recommend a stage of cycling or
a power tap the SRM the sock
core consider a waste of money in my
opinion in 2013 good product but why pay
that much for something that does the
job lot of stages are a powder that's my
opinion and they work with the Garmin
and these have a built in cadence
Minnesota shows you in cadence someone
you screen you can have your power and
your cadence um your distance or
whatever
average speed doesn't mean anything know
that speed don't don't use speed doesn't
mean anything it's your power and your
cadence is all matters in cycling so if
you want to get fitter I'd recommend
getting a power meter it's going to
change the game for you might take a few
tries get used to how to use it but it's
gonna be a game-changer get there 28 on
the back or a 30 or 32 and get that
compact crank set up the front so it's
the 50 34 I'll type it in the
description down below some tips and
this is how you climb better and you
save your knees and you love cycling
thanks for watching post your comments
and questions down below see you next
video
[Music]